README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://www.aphiria.com" target="_blank" title="Aphiria"><img src="https://www.aphiria.com/images/aphiria-logo.svg" width="200" height="56"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/aphiria/app/actions"><img src="https://github.com/aphiria/app/workflows/ci/badge.svg"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/aphiria/app"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/aphiria/app/v/stable.svg"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/aphiria/app"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/aphiria/app/v/unstable.svg"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/aphiria/app"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/aphiria/app/license.svg"></a>
</p>

> **Note:** This library is not stable yet.

This application is a useful starting point for projects that use the Aphiria framework.  Check out this repository, and get started building your own REST API.

## Installation

Aphiria can be installed using Composer:

```bash
composer create-project aphiria/app --prefer-dist --stability dev
```

## Running Locally

You can run your app locally (defaults to http://localhost):

```php
php aphiria app:serve
```

## Removing Demo Code

To remove the built-in demo code, simply delete the _src/Demo_ and _tests/Integration/Demo_ directories, and remove the `DemoModule` from _src/App.php_.

## Learn More

To learn more about how to use Aphiria, [read its documentation](https://www.aphiria.com/docs/1.x/introduction.html).

Commit message:

Updated default port in README, documented the demo code that is shipped with the app (#15)
* Updated default port in README.md, added notes about the demo code that is shipped in this app

* Tweaked wording

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://www.aphiria.com" target="_blank" title="Aphiria"><img src="https://www.aphiria.com/images/aphiria-logo.svg" width="200" height="56"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/aphiria/app/actions"><img src="https://github.com/aphiria/app/workflows/ci/badge.svg"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/aphiria/app"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/aphiria/app/v/stable.svg"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/aphiria/app"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/aphiria/app/v/unstable.svg"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/aphiria/app"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/aphiria/app/license.svg"></a>
</p>

> **Note:** This library is not stable yet.

This application is a useful starting point for projects that use the Aphiria framework.  Check out this repository, and get started building your own REST API.

## Installation

Aphiria can be installed using Composer:

```bash
composer create-project aphiria/app --prefer-dist --stability dev
```

## Running Locally

You can run your app locally (defaults to http://localhost:8080):

```php
php aphiria app:serve
```

## Demo

This app comes with an extremely simple demo that can store and retrieve users from local file storage.  It should not be used in production - it is simply a demo of some Aphiria features.  The demo routes can be found as PHP attributes in _src/Demo/Api/Controllers/UserController.php_.

### Removing Demo Code

To remove the built-in demo code, simply delete the _src/Demo_ and _tests/Integration/Demo_ directories, and remove the `DemoModule` from _src/App.php_.

## Learn More

To learn more about how to use Aphiria, [read its documentation](https://www.aphiria.com/docs/1.x/introduction.html).
